What I've basically done and by we,
is that starting at nothing,
we have essentially built
a version of Redux.
Like this is not too far off, I've
actually used a variation of this when I'm
just simulating, essentially
state management while I am, or
I'm testing something out and I just used
it so Redux is a pattern is very simple.
This is why I think Redux is so
amazing is because I could have hand
wrote this in less than 10 minutes.
If we were not in the middle of
a conversation about how to do it.
I wasn't trying to trick everybody for as
long as possible about what we were up to.
We have taken an incredibly simple pattern
that somebody could write in 10 minutes.
And we're using this pattern
to manage state its scale.
I have uses on very large fortune.
One hundred companies,
like this pattern works.
So.
In terms of state management.
We have just now arrived at one of
the most important patterns for
state management that I can think of.
There's variations of it.
But when it comes to managing state,
control flow, and code volume this,
I just can't think of anything
that is more succinct and elegant.
Than this particular pattern, not only
that, is that in the course of like,
let's talk about programming in
the most basic, simplest terms.
We have incrementally put together and
assembled a state management library
that we could use to do almost anything.
And so, this is where, at the beginning
of the day I said we're gonna wax off,
we're gonna wax off,
we're gonna paint the fence.
Because when you understand how Redux and
NGR x in these patterns work,
then it's a lot easier to
effectively implement
them in your projects.
And if you actually went and took the time
to click through the source code.
You would find that
there's actually not a lot
to the source code on these
particular libraries.
And so, for me,
this is where I get really excited.
That when I say when I am
programming I'm doing for things.
Nouns, I'm describing things.
I'm doing things verbs.
I'm making decisions, and
I'm iterating over those, so
I'm doing something more than once.
That in its simplest possible form,
we're able to take these ideas and
build an incredibly powerful
a central state management pattern or
a library that we can use and
so we finally got to this
point we can see here that
we're creating with store.
We're able to update the store
by dispatching an action.
And then we're able to select state
off that store and surface it.
So with that said.
Kind of this conclusion to
the four elements of programming.
Does anybody have any questions about
what I have done, up to this point?
And congratulations, everybody just wrote
Redux from scratch, which I think is cool.
>> That was amazing.
>> Thank you.
The question was, that was amazing.
That was amazing.
Just kidding.
Thank you very much.
High five, every time that I do this,
people are like, my goodness,
they just kind of lean back.
Are you serious?
Like, we're doing this.
And then it's like just give me two,
three hours.
And we're actually gonna
build something cool and
in this case like this is something
that is helpful and useful.